Deeper updates from Alan's WGLC review (#187)
ietf-wg-webtrans/draft-webtransport-http2: draft-ietf-webtrans-http2.md

     WEBTRANSPORT_ERROR.

As defined in {{Section 3.5 of !RFC9000}}, the recipient of a WT_STOP_SENDING
capsule sends a WT_RESET_STREAM capsule in response if the stream is in the
"Ready" or "Send" state.  The error code from the WT_STOP_SENDING capsule

> SHOULD be copied into the WT_RESET_STREAM capsule.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SHOULD be copied into the WT_RESET_STREAM capsule, though an
endpoint can supply its own error code at its discretion.
```

I'm not a fan of this "SHOULD".  I would even do this:

```suggestion
can be copied into the WT_RESET_STREAM capsule in case the
endpoint does not have a more appropriate code to use.
```

Author: Seems reasonable, thanks

receiver is required to treat the arrival of out of order frames rather than
being tolerant.

For an intermediary that forwards from a transport with independently reliable
and ordered streams (like {{WEBTRANSPORT-H3}}) to a transport that multiplexes
over a single in-order stream (like this protocol), it is necessary to maintain
state for streams. A simple forwarding intermediary that
directly translates one type of protocol unit into another without understanding
the underlying state might cause a receiver to abort the session.

> For instance, after a RESET_STREAM frame is forwarded as a WT_RESET_STREAM

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For instance, as QUIC uses an unreliable transport, a QUIC RESET_STREAM frame
might be sent multiple times. If a RESET_STREAM frame is forwarded as a WT_RESET_STREAM
```

Author: Ah, this is much clearer, nice.
